[Music]
Greetings Masters of Star Wars I am the
shadow of the empire
The shadow of the empire we are less
than a week away from the premiere of the
soca series that will arrive with a double chapter on
Disney Plus on August 23, that is
clear for obvious reasons
mastitis has gotten out of control because we already have
many more revelations of this series
as well as the more than sung coming of the
chosen one of the force anakin skywall they
want her that
is why Masters we will make
four massive news
of this series as well as a brief behind
the scenes but  we also have a
brief contribution from the series of we know that
it is a kind of continuation of azoca in
the universe so
we will review all this Master in four different points
Ok and first of all in a brief
Miscellany about before azoca A
few days ago the company
before  The complicated panorama that the company is going through
announced several changes at its
most recent shareholders meeting, such as
an increase in the prices of Disney Plus
and other things, but the most important thing
is that it was announced that there will be
date changes in practically all
its franchises, especially  Of course in the
movies that are in theaters but there
will also be changes for the
TV series and there you have to see Star Wars and above
all we were told that they will focus more on
making quality content over
quantity
is that this will not affect beings  that
are already on the doorstep like azoca or loki 2 but
this does seem like there will be a
reduction, especially given the excesses of
releases at Disney in things that
did not do well at the box office in theaters,
such as the elementary film  5th The
haunted house but above all It seems
that there will be many changes in Marvel
making less in the cinema and also
less serious in Disney Plus focusing
more on quality and of course Master we already
know that Star Wars will not return in
theaters until 2026 but  What I'm going
Is that this can change the panorama
for 2024, especially for the
skele series that Lucas had
previously confirmed the celebration of what would be
released at the end of 2023 towards
December and the curious thing is that the
official announcement of the  upcoming premieres for
Disney Plus in streaming there are
premieres that come before the end of the
year, the skele series is not coming,
but loki 2 is not coming either, be aware that loki 2
already has a fixed date for the beginning of
October, as its trailers say,
but  all this Well, it does seem
that due to the strikes in Hollywood and the
structure that Disney lives in, the
mysterious jedi series that he will interpret And that
crew of children lost in the
galaxy that will connect with the mandalorian to
soca It seems that this series will be
delayed  only a few months perhaps
beginning in 2024 probably Masters
around January February
it seemed that year to see after Diacola that
will be the main course and the Bad
batch 3 series the lively one and perhaps a lot
Later andor 2 one that we know
has not been finished just because of the strikes
So be very careful with the changes in
dates that the Star Wars series will have
in the streaming Ok entering the
three juicy and massive songs that we have
from the soca series here in section
2 first We have to talk about what
has already been revealed  of the directors and the
duration of the episodes since thanks
to the excellent source Quality we now
know the duration of the first three
episodes of the series aka and in reality
Masters the chapters will have a
duration similar to what we have already seen
in the different seasons of the
Mandaloria, after all, a reef and
fabulous are the ones that produce it and on
August 23 we will have a double chapter premiere
with more than an hour and 36 minutes.
But now we know separately how
long the chapters last since chapter
one will last 54 minutes and an
effective time  already without credits of 51 minutes and
6 seconds, on the other hand, chapter 2
will last a full 42 minutes, which will
actually make 38 minutes and 33 seconds of
effective time,
but the juicy thing is that now we know
how long chapter 3 of the series
lasts until  on August 30, having
a total of 34 minutes long and already
effective time without credits, which
would be 31 minutes. So this paints
to make the shortest episode of
this season 1 of sugar but beware
Thanks also to the press brief  of
this series one that Lucas sent
to all the press before the premiere now
we know more about the theme of the series
with achocano and his disciple the
Mandalorian embarking on that search
and the great admiral tron ​​connecting with
Rebels but maybe here it is  that
we already know Who of the six
previously confirmed directors will direct each
episode of this season So with
this Master we already know the dates of
each director according to the
official calendar that already gave us an eye, let's not
forget that depilón and The master of the Canon
wrote all this  series but just the
master filoni is the one who directs the first
debut episode of this series of azoca
which of course was something to be expected
Masters on the other hand
in Boba's book and in the
watchment series he directs the second of the series
that we will also see on  On August 23,
after the third on August 30,
Green repeats it as director, so on
September 4 comes the fourth episode
directed by Peter Rammstein, who is a former
director of the Mandalorian 3 and
Spiderman
and repeats in the director's chair
directing the fifth chapter.  That it arrives on
September 13th from there in that
chapter and on that day it
looks like you will see the mega bombings of the
series with Anakin Skywalker and even
see it again so write down the
Master date but now I tell you why So
the  The sixth chapter will be on
September 20, directing there, Jennifer, who
is a debutante.
The seventh also directs the debutante.
Guitanes made HBO's Popular House of the
Dragon and finally as director
we will have the partner of Philon and who is
particularly my favorite director of the
entire series of the  Of course, the
good Mandalorian will direct the eighth and final episode
of
and the beginning of this season and
Master eye because we also know that Philon
and he always keeps mega surprises
in the episodes that he directs, like
when we saw Skywalker in the
wedding book but also  we must forget that
anakin with is already confirmed. In the cast
of this series, until a few
days ago we had a new spot with azoca with
a new dialogue recorded by
Hayden himself, which is more than
sung in addition to all the
previous reports we had  of his coming So
surely we will see skywhite again with
lasdiondas soca after clone Wars
but now in his series and just Masters
as a responsible speculation on my
part I put all my marbles to that
reunion between master and apprentice we will
surely see it in  chapter 5
directed by filoni on September 13, so that's why I
tell you to save the
date because that day we will surely
see the chosen one of the force again and that
will break the Internet but be very careful
because point three happens here because the
Anakin thing doesn't  It ends Since there is actually
much more about Skywalker And it is
also that with the enormous marketing of the
series he released a TV spot as a
teaser where Anakin is the
protagonist, giving us another wink that he
will surely be And it is that this spot
begins right  with the fallen jedi and
survivor of order 66
saying that everyone in the past
in the times of the jedi order knew
Ana who Skywalker Of course because he was
known as the fearless Hero of
The Clone Wars but unknown says
that very  few lived to see what the
hell he became And of course with this this
trailer in a very powerful way does not remember
how that young anakin that we saw in the
prequels or in the series kenobi
convolving became the Terrible
lord of the vader
[Music]
in the  times of the new republic he
became Darth vader knowing
the great secret about his
unknown personality and he surely knows this
because we know that it is a scenario at the
service of Front and of course the great
admiral knew the secret of vaiven and
of course this trailer is so spectacular
We want more of everything that will happen in her
series and also many new shots of the
fight between the Grotto and Dyland School,
where it is just like a great
visual detail. We can see that the brutal force
in her hand with her own
white lightsaber and she barely  he stops it with
force of course Here we also see more of
the puggles and that trip they will make in their
pci and other plans of the general tour
without a doubt or even of the multiple
assassin droids that hunt soca by
order of frohn and his allies and just
this droid thing connects with anakin
right in the new dialogue that
Skywalker mentions because let's not forget that he
and his father fought against a lot of
battles in the Clone War
but the best thing about this reference that
promises his return is that christensen  he
just recorded a new dialogue that did not
exist in his voice until now this as
a reference to clone Wars when
anakin protected his Guanasocan father
where here Skywalker himself tells us
in this war you will face something more
than droids as your teacher it is my
responsibility to prepare you  Don't be
afraid you can make this sugar Listening to
this Master from Hayden's own voice
is a real bombshell because it implies
that in one way or another The Chosen One of the
force and his actor
is more than linked to socket in his
series So let's not even
Masters doubts that Ana who will return because in
this series there will be a lot of
references to him this is clear because
his father is azoca because Star Wars
has always told us stories of master and
apprentice as this series will be
as already explained in an interview with
pyloni  So surely Ana who we
can see in various ways one could
be as a mere memory or also as
a force ghost or even
through the world between but this
dialogue sounds more like a
pre-recorded hologram like the ones soka had that we
already saw in  Rebels because clearly
anakin is talking to his young
padawan wow the fact that soca
has android joyan on his ship as
the trailers and new spots have already shown us
well It could be that they
keep a recording of Skywalker And
now with the  heiden's voice this is
evoking the Masters series So
Anna 15 is coming yes or yes but our
fourth and final point on the
soca series here We have to talk about what
left us behind the scenes with the
theme of the  series and also the spot
titled tricks or tricks since the
relationship between master and apprentice of azoca
and saving Rain will develop in a great
way in the series and this is more than
confirmed and it is more until this spot
their texts tell us that a new arrival
This will emerge in this series, as
giving a nod to Sabine with the
training that she already had with
Rebels where there Yarus himself said
that anyone could use the force, they only
had to be in the correct state of mind, we
even saw how
directly the dark sage and  it seems
that much of what we already saw in revel
will be developed in a great way in azoca
and the best thing is that in this spot we already see
how azoca trains the t6 in his ship
knowingly with wooden sticks referencing
of course birds when they delivered in one of
the  best episodes of that
animated series that is the trials of the
dark sage the doubly curious Master is
that we hear here the theme of strength
while azoca Master is training
sabim giving him a lesson with the
sword
[Music]
go until this connects with Skywalker
having  You wear a training helmet
and how you carry it well So this
shows us Well, Sabina Soca's relationship
will actually be one of the focuses
of the series and even more so with this conflict
that the Mandalorian has and also
with all that Not  be sensitive to the
force and try to follow its lessons
something that will surely be put to the test
against shinhati as we already saw that The
dark apprentice will mock her
when she tries to use the force to
fight it
So here in reality filón is
developing something very big with
in relation to sabinia the force Master
taking risks with her two daughters
creatively speaking as azoca
and sabin are and the best thing will be clear when we
also see there is a rabiller attached to
them which by the way I bet we will
also see it with their actor and Manny
this already in  the fifth chapter of the
series totally made of flesh and blood in order to
see what is capable of properly
trained
the second chapter directed by
pylonia in the series and Masters eye that
behind the scenes of this
series tells us that this will have a lot
of combats with salts of light and they also
give us a video context of how
the training of these combats in
this series was and above all he tells us that he
knows that we the fans hope that
the duels with salts of light in this
series are of  great level but they also
owe this other spot tells us that
everyone including him is part of the
legacy of George Lucas as teacher and
apprentice and much of that is what we will
see in this series seeing from a
new platform that we have not seen the
teacher relationship  and apprentice and here it is
explained to us by David himself that at the
beginning of the series soka will be
wandering alone through the galaxy when
he hears about the rumor of a new
warlord of the empire that
is about to come, that is, the great
admiral and  this will trigger the Grotto
to call its friends or be Ajera with a
warning about the return of the empire
towards the new republic And there also
that we see the chancellor and of course
also his disciple Sabin Green to
help him and basically what they all
seek is to prevent  another war but it
is very clear as his words say as
Lucas Masters' press briefing also points out that this is
a story of master and
apprentice as one day anakin passed
the baton and his teaching to socano
So  now the togruta will do the same with
sabin in this search
So with this we can now mention
part of the key theme of this series
And how Rebels and the series connect It
even explains how complicated
in these times as an apprentice for
everything that  She has lived this since the
civil war by being a padawan of azoca
but also by having lost and there is
even a certain implication to the
Mandalorian purge that has already happened in these
times and the best thing here is that just like
the soca tells sabin that no  There is nothing
easy in being a Jedi, implying that
she can be too, so the
two of them will follow this path in a
new and interesting way.
It is that in addition to these words that
are extremely revealing, we have plans
that are pure gold where we see more than
sugar  in his ship the t6 arriving
just as far as the
Corellia Shipyards but curiously we also see
in orbit a huge ring to travel at
the speed of light just like the
ones we saw in the prequels but
massive in size, one to use in
a huge  no capital and eye that
this would visit and those rings of
speed of light on a planet where
birds were built can lead us to
have the necessary technology or connect
with that search for Fron erra to
reach
this remote region through giant engines and  unknown where
they are So how can we see
Master if this promises that it will be
absolute madness with that classic relationship
of the saga of master and apprentice now
with the rope and sabin and more now that
we know that they will come to soca and tron ​​all
involved this Well  In the face of another
huge Galactic war but if
you are also interested in knowing everything you should
know before seeing the series of azoca I
will leave that story here on the
final screens along with others and
remember our Ally is the force and
powerful so its  friend the shadow of the
empire